cusnit.pe*  snitt interpolasjon 
The script employs the gsnitt programme (fortran) to extract the value
from fields in the xy plane at curves in the xy plane.

use:

cusnit.pe (-n arg) (-os arg) (-fs arg) (-f arg) (-sec arg) (-msec arg) \
 (-utform arg) (-int arg) (-x arg) (-y arg) (-xname) gpfile
where
   gpfile - the name of a file in gphov format
   -n  - arg is a list of datasetnumber to be interpolated, as
              in the pkat script. Def: all 
   -os  - arg is name of stem for outputfiles. Def: gpfileS
   -fs  - sets a common pattern for curve files in the genkurv fashion
   -f - arg defines a list of files, separated by blanks or commas,
         to be used for interpolation. If the -fs option is set the items
         of the list replace the text ## in the pattern or, if ## is omitted,
         is appended to the common stem. If the resulting text contain an $
         this is subsequently replaced by the dataset numbers specified by -n.
         The final filname must be the name a file in the format specified by 
         genkurv and the two first columns are identified as x and y values.
         For each file the script produce a file ostemNfilname (ostem set 
         by -o, N datasetnumber, filname fileidentifier before substitution 
         for $) containing coordinates  and interpolated values.  
  -sec   Sets cross-sections by means of endpoints. arg may contain 
         quartets of numbers ( x1,y1,x2,y2), separated by blanks or commas,
         or les:filname, where filname is a file containing one quartet, 
         separated by blanks, at each line. In the first case several 
         sections may be specified by using ':' as separator.
         The produced files are ostemN_ii, where ii is the number of
         cross-sections.   
         Default: empty list of cross-sections.
   -msec The number of points, used for cross-sections defined by -sec,
         is set to arg. Default: 100        
   -int  Select arg as interpolation procedure
           arg=spline  bi-spline
           arg=lin     bi-linear 
           arg=mask    bi-linear with masking of data according to -lim og -um
          Default: arg=spline
   -lim arg1 arg2  In case of masking only values between arg1 and arg2 are
           allowed  
          Default: -1000000.0 1000000.0
   -um   In case of masking, nondefined entries are given this value 
         in the output.
         Default: arg=-666
   -x     arg is interpreted as a list (separated by blanks or commas) of
          x coordinates. A crossection (parallel to y) is defined for
          each value, with max and min matching the 2D datafield.
          Unless -xnam is set the files are named ostemN_ii, where ii is a
          counter continuing from the number sections set by -sec.
          If -xnam is set the file name is ostemN_xX, where X is the x-value.
          Moreover, with this option the format is changed to two columns
          (y z), while the dummy x column is deleted. 
   -y     corresponds to -x. Interpret also -xnam
   -xname  changes convention for naming of -x and -y files and removes 
           redundant column.  
  -utform  Selects between different output-options. At present two
           alternatives are available:
               arg=xyz yields three columns:  x y z
               arg=sz  yields  two  columns:  s z, where s is the arclength
               of the piecewise linear interpolant to the curve in the
               x,y plane, measured from the first point.






