felt.sh

    Produces velocity fields from the output of the boundary integral method
    by means of Cauchys formula.
    Files used for input are (N is dataset-number): 
           param.dat, solv(t)N, set(t)N, (cornN), xyN.
    The invoked script 'segfile.pe' produces segN and imsegN and an 
    inputfile infelt is made. 
    Velocities are computed by /hom/geirkp/laplace/rusource/i386/inter<infelt
    
    Results in files 
           rnduvN - u and v at the boundary nodes, including bottom 
                    and side-walls. columns x y u v

           beru*N,berv*N (gphov) 
           or beruv*N,berxyN (colums u,v) - files contain u and v, and
                    derivatives at a defined grid of points. N is dataset 
                    number and * is a letter that signals
                      *=none  velocities
                       =x     x derivatives
                       =t     local temporal derivatives
                       =d     material accelerations

           vindN - contains number of windings for each point. A value
                   close to 1 imply that the point is inside the contour,
                   close to 0 outside and an intermediate value that the point
                   is close to the contour and that the integration becomes
                   inaccurate. The file is in gphov or two column (first column
                   point number) format.

    Use

    (path)/felt.sh (options) n1 (n2)

        n1 - first dataset to be treated
        n2 - optional last dataset. If omitted: n2=n1

     options:
     -pform arg: Sets format for generated grid. Options are xy, gphov
                 and cross-sections. cross-sections gives the same
                 output grid as gphov, but another and more robust 
                 algoritm. Default: gphov
     -restype arg : option for resolution with alternative  cross-sections
                    for -pform. Default: adjust
     -or x0 y0 : Set origin of defined grid for velocity computation
     -inc dx dy : Set increments of grid
     -size nx mx : Sets size of grid
     -rot|-rotate|-angle rot : Rotates grid an angle rot degrees.
                               Mark: velocities are not rotated
                               default: rot=0
     -var arg : Chooses compiled version of inter. Options '', 'IN8' and 'LF8'
                have existed.
                Default: LF8 if the string is found in the path of
                         the data-directory zero otherwise.
     -mask arg: Boundary treatment. options: none, dry-remove, full-remove.
                Matters only for gphov output. Default: none
     -flim arg :
     -umval|-umv arg :
     -adint :
     -gpmal file : Alternative setting of output grid. The parameters
                   x0 y0 dx dy nx mx is read from the header of gphovfile
                   file by gethead.pe 
     -uv : Velocities on defined grid outputted as two columns uv 
           (file beruvN), with coordinates in file berxyN
           default: gphov format in beruN, bervN
     -gaus* nh mh : Sets order (nh<=6) and number of element subdivisons
                    (mh<=40/nh) for numerical integration.
                    default: 5 2
     -bzero : redefines coordinate system with zero at beach (right equilibrium
              boundary) and reversed x -axis. Spesification of the grid is made
              in the redefined coordinate system.
              Default: coordinate system of BEM program
     -vel :   only velocities and windings are computed.

Future extensions:

         .Improved treatment of grid-points close to boundaries.
