getnew.pe* parameters 
  The script reads a parameter file in a specified format and returns 
an ordered parameterlist to standard output. It offers a considerable
degree of flexibility concerning the format of the list. Parameter lists
produced by the script are particularely useful for transferring the 
governing parameters from FORTRAN or C programs to graphic scripts or automatic
report generators.
  getnew.pe is an improvent over the older script getpar.pe and inherits
one special feature: The string #EQ# is replaced by =. The puropse is to get
around the special meaning of ' = ' as separator in the parameterfiles.
Please note that '=' is not interpreted in this way when not surrended
by spaces, uless the '-sloppy' flag is set. 
use:
getnew.pe (-par arg) (-sep arg) (-and) (-form arg) (-alias arg) \
          (-post arg) (-sloppy) (-nfield arg) par1 par2 .......
options:
  -par arg : sets the name of the file containing parameters and values to
             arg. The default value is param.dat. If arg is a directory a
             parameterfile arg/param.dat is assumed.
             Each line of the parameter file must have the format
               name = value
             or
               name1 = value1   name2 = value2 .....
             where 'name' denotes the parameter names ( as written by the
             program that generates the file) and 'value' the values.
             In the first case the value may consist of a numer of strings
             separated by blanks, while we in the latter case must require
             that each value is a single alphanumeric string with no blanks.
             The names must in any case be single alphanumeric strings.
             A parameter file containing the time of the generating program
             started to run and the two real parameters a and b may then
             look like:
                    time = Tue Jan 16 05:17:06 MET 1996
                    a = 2.57  b  = 3
             The names time, a and b are choosen by the programmer and at least
             one blank at each side of  the = is mandatory.

  -sep arg  : sets the string arg as seperator between the entries of the
              output parameter list. THe default value is a single blank
              unless  the -alias option is invoked. In that case the 
              default value is a comma followed by a blank, as in ordinary 
              lists in a text.
  -and  : urges the script to use ' and ' instead of the separator string 
          between the last two entries in the output list.
  -form arg : Sets the standard format of the valus to arg. The format is
              given in C (perl) style without the leading '%'. 
              default value arg=s
              This setting is overruled by the optional format specifications
              in the input parameter list below).
  -sloppy :   Makes the script interpret also '=' as seperator, 
              regardless of surrounding blanks.
              default: blanks are required
  -nfield arg: Selects fields of the parameter value to be returned.
               arg is a set of numbers, separated by blanks or commas, and
               blank is assumed field separator for the parameter value.
               default: all fields are returned.  
  -alias arg : Specifies arg as a file containing alternate parameter names.
               This file must conform to the same format as the parameterfile.
               Example: Assume that the parameters a and b (se example under 
               -par option) are grid increments in x and y direction. (a and
               b is not a wise choice for naming such parameters in the first
               place, but..) If we the wish to create a list in TEX code
               we may employ an alias file with content:
                    a = $\Delta x$  b = $\Delta y$
               default: no alias file is invoked.
  -post arg  : Governs the standard organization of each entry in the output 
               list. The setting is overruled by the optional specifications
               in the input parameter, as for the -form option.
               Generally the string arg contains a capital N and a capital V,
               that is replaced by the name and value of the parameters.
               One of the capital N and V may be omitted. 
               Default: arg=V unless the -alias option is invoked.
                        if the -alias option is invoked we employ arg='V'
                        when the value starts with a letter and arg='N=V'
                        otherwise.
               Examples: Again we assume a param.dat containing:
                    time = Tue Jan 16 05:17:06 MET 1996
                    a = 2.57  b  = 3
               With different options we then observe:
                     COMMAND                       OUTPUT
              getnew.pe a                          2.57
              getnew.pe -post N=V a                a=2.57
              getnew.pe -post 'N equals V' a       a equals 2.57

  -nospes : turns off special meaning of '-' and '#' in par1..parN 

   -preP : OBSOLETE!!!!Removes a capital P from the front of each parameter.
   
   -front arg: adds arg, from left, to all parameternames. Particularely useful
               with arg='-'
               default: arg=''
  par1 par2 ....... : list of parameter names, as given in the parameter file,
               to be processed. Each item argi consists of 3 parts in the
               given sequence:
                          name%form-post
               where the last two, %form and -post, may be omitted. The
               strings form and post is format and organization, respectively,
               that will be used for the single entry specified by name instead
               of those specified by the -form and -post option.
               
               





