ggrestart.pe* Continues a gglo simulation

The idea of the script is to prolonge simulations that are run with
gglparse.pe/gglo. ggrestart.pe is run in a folder where outputfiles from
gglparse.pe and gglo are available. The script then organizes initial
conditions and a parameter file for a new simulation through gglparse.pe. 
Typical applications are to increase the simulation time, look at refined
calculations in a subdomain or switch type of equation.


The new simulation is started from a specified printout, with number N, and
the following files are then required:

  yN, uN, vN, ggl.par, param.dat
 
Use:

/hom/geirkp/bouss/trappe/bin/ggrestart.pe \#DEF=<input-file> (options)

Where specifications are given in the input-file or as command line options,
as for gglparse.pe. ggrestart.pe inherits all the options from gglparse.pe,
and they may all be modified, possibly at the risk of setting up meaningless
simulations, in the application of ggrestart. In addition ggrestart.pe 
supports the additional options:  

-nstart N: The printout from which the new simulation starts
           default: the last one 
-subdir dir: Specifies a subdirectory in which the new run is made.
           default: the new run is put in restartM, where M is the 
                    lowest available integer such that restartM
                    does not already exist. M must be less than 10.

Most options are copied as defaults from the parameter files of the mother 
simulations, but the following are calculated

 t0: adjusted according to N and tint in ggl.par
 tu: set to -0.5*dt, where dt is time step in mother simulation
 run, compile : is turned off and must be set anew. 'run' now means that 
                jrestart.sh is run in the specified subdirectory.

The presendence of the options is in descending order

        1. Options that are given as command line options to ggrestart.pe 

        2. Options given in the input-file (optional) to ggrestart.pe

        3. Options read or derived from the mother simulation

        4. Defaults of gglparse.pe for options that have been added since
           the mother run. This enables backward compatibality.

Produced in subdirectory:

        ginp.par : input file for gglparse.pe
        jrestart.sh : file with sh code for copying of initial conditions
                      and execution of gglparse.pe.
        produced by jrestart.sh: eta.inp, u.inp, v.inp (initial conditions)
 

Uses: pkat in /hom/geirkp/bin