textab.pe* table tex latex macro
      A script that transform a set columns on an ASCII file to a latex table.
      The ASCII file is read from standard input, while the  latex code is 
      written on standard output. The number of column is specified by the
      number of headings set by -anot. If no headings are given the column 
      number equals the number of words in the first line that is read.
      Use:
textab.pe (option) (option) .... < 'input-file' > 'output-file' 
      Parameters:
     -align arg : defines alignment for columns in latex style, like arg='cccc'
                  or arg='rccr'. If the number of columns exceeds the number of                   letters in arg the last given letter is used for the 
                  remaining columns
                  Default: arg=c
     -tit arg:    defines a title line. 
                  Default: no title
     -anot arg: defines column headings. arg may either contain a list of 
                headings  or have  the format arg=line:nt, in which case the 
                heading list is read from line n. All lines until n are then 
                skipped.
                Default arg=line:1
     -asep arg: defines separator for column headings.
                Default: arg=' '
     -verticals: turns on vertical bars between columns
                Default: no bars
     -macro arg: specifies a macro encapsulating the table.
                 If arg=table:lab a latex table with label lab is generated.
                 The title is the written at the beginning of the caption.
                 Otherwise a user defined macro with two arguments is assumed.
                 The latex code then reads 
                 \arg{title}
                     {tabular environment
                      caption text}
                 Default: no macro. The title, tabular environment and 
                 caption text is written in this sequence.
     -skip arg:  defines the number of lines to be skipped. Ignored if
                 the -anot option points to a higher line number than arg. 
     -cap arg:   defines a caption, or text, to follow the table.
                 The format arg=les:file causes the text to be fetched from 
                 the file.
                 Default: no caption.


